So, guys, now let us discuss the problem between what best the problem number three is the horniness
in peace tables, especially for small processors, not small processors.
Are those processors which are not memory intensive or whose memory requirement is low.
Now, given the falling configuration of the system, we already know that the size of pastebin per
process is four megabytes.
So as soon as the processor runs on the system operating system, create a space table of size four
megabytes and load in memory.
Right, it is back to where the process has Mallott.
Any memory are not ripe.
So pastebin of a process is created immediately.
It's a different thing that the pastebin will going to be empty.
But this table will be created by the operating system as soon as the process is loaded in main memory
for execution.
So not all processes running on the system are manually intensive, in fact, most of them are not.
So let us visualize, how does memory look like when you run your favorite Hollowell program, which
consume almost no memory from Heap or Stack segment?
So you can see the diagram on the right hand side should be very familiar to you.
Now, suppose this diagram represents the memory representation of your Hollowell program, which is
an execution.
Now, we already know that every process has mandatories segments called code segment and initialized
and initialize data segment.
So there will be virtual pages corresponding to these segments.
Right.
Similarly, Helliwell program may or may not have some command line arguments, but still it will consume
some STAC memory because main function at the end of the day is a personal call.
So let us suppose that virtual pages from that stack memory are being used by the process.
Now you can see that the total number of virtual pages that this process can create is to restore to
the power 32 minus one.
And out of these many virtual pages, the virtual pages which are actually being used are four plus
two.
That is only six virtual pages are being used and corresponding to these virtual pages which are in
use, physical pages will be created by the operating system.
So the pace of this process in execution will look something like this.
You can see that virtual space number zero, one, two, three.
And to restore the power to the two minus two, that is this virtual page and to restore the power to
two minus one.
That is this virtual page have corresponding physical pages.
So sorry.
This is to.
And these physical pages are loaded in some frame number in the main memory, right?
So you can see that corresponding to these virtual pages, these physical pages are in use, similarly
corresponding to these virtual pages in virtual memory, these physical pages are in use.
So what is the portion of virtual memory of the process which is not being used?
The portion of virtual memory of the process which is not being used is this much.
And this much portion of virtual memory of the process corresponds to this much version of page table,
since there are no physical pages that is being used.
So the entry is corresponding to those virtual pages in this piece table is empty.
So you can see that you have created a piece table entry, but these entries are all empty.
At the end of the day, these empty page table entries will going to consume memory.
Now, I ask you one question, how many entries of this peace table are not being used?
The answer is to restore the power 30 to minus six.
Right.
So this is a very large number.
So you can see that almost the entire peace table is empty.
And because the court segment or initialized an unfinished segment and a stacked memory lies at the
opposite ends of the virtual memory.
Therefore, the corresponding peace table also will have virtual pages which are in use at the opposite
ends of the peace table.
So this leads to the creation of holes in the peace table, which means the entries in the peace table,
which are not in use.
And these unused entries lies in between virtual pages and hydrogel pages.
And these unutilized BASTABLE entries lies between more virtual pages.
So these are virtual pages.
Why?
Because there is no is zero one, two, three, which is low.
And this is high virtual pages because because there lies on the higher side of virtual memory in process,
virtual address in space.
So here at home, reference to unutilized peace table entries.
So thus far, a small process, more than 99 percent of the peace table is wasted and wastage of memory
because at the end of the day, you need to look at the entire peace table into a memory.
So, as I stated earlier, the solution to this problem of homelessness of peace table is nothing but
multi-level purging.
So you can see that multi-level purging is a solution that addresses all the problems that we have discussed
related to peace tables.
So we will dive deep into the concept of multi-level purging and try to understand how multilevel purging
addresses the problems of beds, tables.